# web_tech_00012071

<h2>Purpose of the website</h2>
<p>
This project was created as a course work by
00012071 - a student of Westminster International
University in Tashkent, and does not represent an
actual website. To build the website pure HTML5,
CSS3 and JavaScript were used. The contents (images,
texts) are being fetched from RAWG API. The website
is fully responsive and can properly work on mobile,
tablet and desktop screens with no visual bugs. All
the filter, search, pagination functionality is
implemented in JavaScript by connecting to the API.
</p>                        
<h2>What is the website capable of?</h2>
<p>
The website is connected to the database of over 600
000 games, through which the user can find
information on any game that is supported on PC,
Playstation, Xbox, Nintendo, Android or IOS.
Additionally, there is a search functionality where
user can set the parameters to filter the games by
required aspects, that are release period, title and
platform
</p>
<p>
On the Game page user can find different information
about the game such as description, related images,
gamers' comments, scores on metacritic comments and
so on.
</p>
<h2>Links</h2>
<p>
<a
class="link"
href="https://github.com/wiut-00012071/web_tech_00012071"
>Github</a
>
</p>
<p>
<a
class="link"
href="https://upbeat-easley-f53c1a.netlify.app/"
>Netlify</a
>
</p>
<h2>
Directly downloaded ZIP from github will not work,
as secret.js that has api TOKEN is in .gitignore
</h2>
